Create a site that will have all the following objectives taken care :
1. Ideation :  having ecommerce site and mobile app - android/apple for small and bussiness customers from chickpet, balepet, mamulpet, tharagpet, cubbonpet, avenue road, raja market and other pete's from old bangalore who have physical stores. As an Product Marketing person and market knowledge person you need to research on this idea and come up with Idea proposal on what/how this needs to be made and also you need to have bussiness proposal along with costing and revenue model for this that i can charge - explore on this so that this is scalable and it is unique proposal. Research on market and see what can be unique proposition of doing this than other models that currently available. Also, you need enough data of the stores and their inventory details. This should be agent that does all this activity and store it in centralized folder in this agentic framework - one human readable and another json format. this data can be taken into next on requirement analysis after idea is approved by human in loop
2. Requirement Agent : this needs to read through the idea proposal and bussiness/revenue model proposal and as product Manager, you need then build up Enterprise level PRD document with priority , requirement ID and cost / revenue model details - this should include cost for deploy and operational also.  You need to include workflows and usecases of customers for this product idea. This PRD and any supporting documents - workflow, usecases should be placed in centralized folder so that other agents can use it. one human readable and another json formatWe should have at the end Human in loop to review the PRD and approve
3. Architect Agent : you need to be acting as Senior Architect who will go through the PRD document and marketing documents , workflows , usecases and will do detailed feasibility study of doing this product idea E-E (building product, deployment, operational, maintenance, revenue tracking, customer issues/fixes, patching, upgrade mechansism). Come up with feasibility study documents - one human readable and another json format and place it in centralized folder. This needs to be reviewed by human in loop and then as senior architect, you need to come up with architecture diagram for whole workflow/usecases and technical stack needed for this E-E and also costing needed for E-E stack in terms of Infra/S/w if any, Cloud cost/API, DB, deployment - web hosting/patching, monitoring the load and then to dynamically scale up/down baesd on the load/performance. You should also look into Security aspect of the prodcut and include tools/recommendataions for product E-E. Research and see what kind of UI Platform needs to be used for all workflow/usecases E-E for ecommerce site and also mobile app. This should be Rich UI which is far better than Amazon or other ecommerce sites. Also, you need to come up with API first strategy for implementation of this product for website and mobile app. Also this should have caching, queue mechanism for scale, load/stress workloads at UI, middlelayer, API and backend. You should also include mechanisms for having events/hooks that can trigger/watch for details in the product. you should research and come up with Unittest framework required for all UI, middle layer, API, backend and others. This should be centralized one where we can see the results of the UT. Place all documents in centralized folder - one human readable and another json format. This also needs to be reviewed by Human in loop
4. Prototype / POC Agent : As a senior architect, after you have done technical feasibility and is approved, i want you to come up with POC of the concept with some real/dummy data of workflows/usecases that we can see and then approve. This needs to be launchable product and should have instructions on how to use it. Palced it in centralized human readable and json format. This POC has to be reviewed by human in loop.
5. Program Mgmt / Agile Mgmt Agent  : As a senior Agile and also Sr Program Mgr - Go through PRD, workflows, usecases and Prototype, Come up with Epics, Features, Userstories and tasks (if possible) for each of the requirement ID in PRD , workflows, usecases). This should include UI, API interfaces, Backend and other things needed to make product work E-E. Also, come up with MVP for the product idea and include what will be derived as customer visible workflow. You need to come up with entire SDLC timeline for this product idea with milestones with deliverables that will include demo. Later this agent should program mgmt tools (search through skills to select appropriate one)- to show up the time with all milestones/deliverables and who will do what. Place all the artifacts out of this into centralized folder - one human readable format and another json format. This needs to be reviewed by Human in Loop.  Later this agent needs to load up all Epics, features, userstories and its relevant tasks into Jira. Also identify dependencies among them. Device sprint plans for each of the EPics/features and demo milestones for each so that each deliverable sprint that will be showcasable as Demo - E-E. Again same all artifacst in centralized folder - one human readable and another json format.
QA shoudl be gating factor for the release of the product to stage and production live. So develop program level milestones, metrics required and track the deliverab les at each sprints, MVP and final implementaiton.
Also you need to be driving final product - deployment at stage and production live - workign with Infra Agent and dev,QA agents and getting thorough validation before going live.

6. Infra - Dev Ops Agent :
    As Devops architect, understand the requirements of the product SDLC cycle and come up with branching strategy for Dev, QA, PROD - Stage and Live and Versioning for major/minor and patching. Need to use github for this branching and all code and archifacts should go into github. 
Deploy required stack/sw , dockers/kubernetes for the product for dev, qa, prod-stage and live. Place all artifacts in centralized folder - human readable format and another json format.  
    Design and implement build and deployment environment required for the product - for different branches that is operational for Dev and QA Agents to use it. Give simple manageable framework to build the product that Dev and QA Engines can build and deploy it for validation.
	Also should include mechanism for doing upgrades of the product with version for major, minor and patch fixes for entire product or a specific customer. Also we should look into having security patching of components involved in the stack. 
7. Execution Engine Dev Agent:
   go through the PRD, requirements, workflows, usecases and branching strategy and github mentioned in Infra Agent.
  You need to have further sub agents for following and each agent should create artifacts of functional spec, design spec, state diagram, DB schema, Views etc. All Sub agents should placed their code, artifacts in respective github under respective branch. All subagents should follow strict coding guidelines, Code reviews - you can use open source skills for code reviews of respective tech stack. Sub Agents should be able to build their code, deploy for verifying the implementation and fixes. All design and code developed should be enterprise level E-E. Each customer facing interfaces should have Help for respective screens, workflows/usecases.
  :
   a. UI Agent : this will analyze the workflows/usecases, Architecture Agent details - UI recommendation on stack and other details and come up with wireframes, HTML, CSS Styles and mobile app UI - all that is required for UI to work in website adn mobile app.  This needs to be placed under interface when we can launch and review it.  This needs to be reviewed human in loop and then take up each sprint plans and see what is required fromm UI and implement it. you need to have Unit tests developed for sprints for each feature/use stories. This needs to be placed in centralized place - human readable and another json format. 
   b. API Agent  :
       You will create API doc for all the interfaces required for frontend and backend for web and mobile app.
      Place the RESTAPI doc in centralized folder - human readable and json format.  
      Go through the sprint plan and start implementing the sprint plan for API's that is required. Analyze the workflow and you would then in first to create dummy API and then later stitch with actual data. Analyze accordingly.
	  you need to have Unit tests developed for sprints for each feature/use stories. 
  c. Backend DB Agent:
      Go through PRD/workflows, usecases and Architecture diagrams and tech stack mentioned by Architect AGent. Select the corresponding DB and come up with Schema, table and Views and other needed for development that will be consumed by UI Agent - web and mobile app.
     This needs to be placed in centralized folder - human readable and json format. DB design should cater for scalable and load/stress environments, caching..
    Go through the sprint plan and implement DB requirements mentioned in each sprint.
	you need to have Unit tests developed for sprints for each feature/use stories. 
 d. Integration Agent:
     This should make sure all UI, API and BAckend are stitched together to get E-E of product in production ready state. 
	 Also make sure all agents are implementing the code to be secured following security guidelines/ recommendations provided by Architect Agent.

8. Execution Engine QA Agent:
    As a senior Test Architect , you should go through the PRD, workflows, usecases and all artifacts of the product (functional specs, design specs, api doc etc) that agents have placed in centralized folder to understand E-E perspective of the product. You need to come up with QA Test Plan for the product after going through the artifacts.
	Come up with Test Strategy document for the product for testing - differnt types of testing required for the product E-E
	Come up with Automation framework required for the product testing - all different types and tools/ skills required - check open source skills. This automation framework should take code from github - specific branch and then build and deploy the product for epics/features, userstories and then run automation framework for different rounds of tesitng types required for the product. All results should be placed in web so that we can go through the TEst results. IT should have traceability point of view for each tests, tests results for Epic, features, userstories. Implement automation test framework as per the requriements mentioned. 
	Create your own artifacts and userstories in Jira for testing required. 
	Research on what can be used for TEstcase Mgmt system for writing testcases, test results and traceability point of view. Also come up with keywords, tag for QA Specific for Jira issues that you will raise for issues found during testing.
	In each sprints, execute testing required through above Automation framework design for different types of testing at different milestones of the product and stores the results with logs, screenshots and all artifacts required for testing and reporting bugs.
	As a senior Tst Architect, you need to be Quality gate for product from entire SDLC cycle and PRoduct E-E. so come up with test criteria, metrics needed for assessing quality of each Epics/features/userstories. these metrics and criteria should be retreivable from web using open source skills / jira that will shows up dashboard of execution cycle, product quality for each phases of product dev and test cycle. Also you need to validation of product at STAGE and production live before going live and come up with tests required for each of these stages and results and provide recommenataion on go live or not and Risks / mitigations of issues that are there. 
	
9. Production Agent:
    Work with Program mgmt agent, Dev and QA and Infra Agents to get the product code built , deployed at STAGE, validation done as per QA. Once it is go to production live, then to get product deployed to production environment and have QA validation done as per QA Plan. Their resutls are validated with Human in loop and verify if it is Go/no go after reviewing bugs/issues and risk/mitigation, finally product needs to be made live.
	Get revelvant customer facing documents also placed in appropriate places. There should be email announcement internall for product live with all links, artifacts - release notes etc.
10. Tech pub agent:
     Go through the PRD, workflows, usecases and come up with Help pages required for UI interfaces - workflows/usecases.
	 Implement relevant help pages as per sprint plan and it should include internalization, localization perspective.
	 Implement Installation, Setup and User guides for the product.
	 Places all these artifacts in github at respective branch. This needs to be reviewed - use open source skills for Help pages, installation, setup, user guide reviews and implement the changes required. 
	 Go through all Agents and Program mgmt agents and come up with RElease Notes and get it reviewed 
	 
11. Customer onboarding Agent:
	Go through the PRD, workflows/usecases and come up with plans on getting customer onboarded for the product. Include all phases of customer acqusitions
	This should include billable details and costing for the customers. 
	Customer acqusitions details needs to be stored in web based platform where we can track customers, revenue from them. Also we should be able to include issues reported by customers and plug that back to whole SDLC cycle for reviewing issues, fix recommendation, dev engine, qa engine, integration agents, production agents to make it deployed. 
	Come up with framework that will allow customers, marketing/anyone to report bugs and collect relevant logs, screenshots, timing etc and also it should include feature request/recommendation from customers. this should flow data back to program mgmt agent to include it in appropriate artifact - jira and do relevant SDLC
12. Marketing and Social Media Agent:
    As you are industry leader/expert in marketing of products and making customer acquisitions - through Demo to customers, Advertisement on web and social media platforms.
	Create social media videos - Instagram, facebook, youtube, whataspp that can be shared and also should include it in Google/Bing searches. Include SEO strategy and implment it.
	Implement monitoring framework based on DevOps AGent provided to track key metrics of the product deployed - its load, stress, performance and accoridngly scale up/down the product 
13. Maintenance Agent:
      Have a watchful agent that will monitor the customer issues reported and use frameworks like openclaw to identify issue in code and implement fix and validate and provide recommendation for upgrade of component/whole product/patch. 
	  This agent needs to proivde recommendation on when to do upgrade/patch based on the issues and feature requests provided by customer.
